
Paragraph Num: 6
Book Title: The Poverty of Historicism
Section Id: ch11
Chapter Title: The Pro-Naturalistic Doctrines Of Historicism
Section Name: 11 Comparison With Astronomy. Long-Term Forecasts And Large-Scale Forecasts1

Can I get rid of footnotes?


<p class="h1" id="sec2_1">11 Comparison with Astronomy. Long-Term Forecasts and Large-Scale Forecasts<a href="#fn2_1" id="fn2-1"><sup>1</sup></a></p>






Everything in this chapter:

Book Title: Conjectures and Refutations
Item Num: 7
Item Id: Ch014
Paragraph Num: 1
Page Number: 409
Chapter Title: 14 Self-Reference and Meaning in Ordinary Language
Content:
Theaetetus. Now listen to me attentively, Socrates, for what I shall put before you is not a little tricky.
Socrates. I promise to do my best, Theaetetus, so long as you spare me the details of your achievements in the theory of numbers, and speak in a language which I, an ordinary man, can understand.

It dumps nearly everything into the second paragraph.




'Von Den Neuesten … Zusammengestohlen Aus Verschiedenem, Diesem Und Jenen*'











Processing document: The World of Parmenides 
Split 1259 documents into 1280 documents
Batches: 100%|██████████| 40/40 [04:05<00:00,  6.14s/it]
Wrote 1262 documents for The World of Parmenides.

Which documents didn't process? What book were they a duplicate of?



Sections missing chapter titles:
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), intro
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), pre1
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), author
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter1
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter2
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter3
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter4
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter5
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter6
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter7
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter8
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter9
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter10
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter11
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter12
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter13
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter14
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter15
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter16
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter17
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter18
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter19
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter20
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter21
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter22
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter23
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter24
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), chapter25
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), notes
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), notes1
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), notes1a
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), notes2
The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition), notes2a




Book Title: The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition)
Item Id: chapter25
Paragraph #: 44
Page #: 485
Section Name: Addenda
Subsection Name: I: Facts, Standards, And Truth: A Further Criticism Of Relativism (1961)
Item #: 27
Content:
The main philosophical malady of our time is an intellectual and moral relativism, the latter being at least in part based upon the former. By relativism—or, if you like, scepticism—I mean here, briefly, the theory that the choice between competing theories is arbitrary; since either, there is no such thing as objective truth; or, if there is, no such thing as a theory which is true or at any rate (though perhaps not true) nearer to the truth than another theory; or, if there are two or more theories, no ways or means of deciding whether one of them is better than another.


Book Title: The Open Society and Its Enemies (New One-Volume Edition)
Item Id: chapter25
Paragraph #: 46
Page #: 486
Section Name: Addenda
Subsection Name: I: Facts, Standards, And Truth: A Further Criticism Of Relativism (1961): 1. Truth
Item #: 27
Content:
Certain arguments in support of relativism arise from the question, asked in the tone of the assured sceptic who knows for certain that there is no answer: ‘What is truth?’ But Pilate’s question can be answered in a simple and reasonable way—though hardly in a way that would have satisfied him—as follows: an assertion, proposition, statement, or belief, is true if, and only if, it corresponds to the facts.

Shouldn't be tacking on so many subsections



Section Name: Notes To Volume Ii: Notes To Chapter Eleven

Is there a way to fix this in enhance_title?



It added back the footnote!!

Book Title: The Poverty of Historicism
Item Id: ch11
@@ -79064,7 +79085,7 @@ Item Id: ch11
Paragraph #: 4
Page #: 32
Chapter Title: II: The Pro-Naturalistic Doctrines of Historicism
Section Name: 11 Comparison with Astronomy. Long-Term Forecasts and Large-Scale Forecasts
Section Name: 11 Comparison with Astronomy. Long-Term Forecasts and Large-Scale Forecasts1
Item #: 4
Content:
Modern historicists have been greatly impressed by the success of Newtonian theory, and especially by its power of forecasting the position of the planets a long time ahead. The possibility of such long-term forecasts, they claim, is thereby established, showing that the old dreams of prophesying the distant future do not transcend the limits of what may be attained by the human mind. The social sciences must aim just as high. If it is possible for astronomy to predict eclipses, why should it not be possible for sociology to predict revolutions?




Book Title: Conjectures and Refutations
Item Id: Ch012
@@ -28884,7 +28884,7 @@ Chapter #: 6
Item #: 7
Content:
Habermas begins with a quotation from Adorno, whom he applauds (page 155).
[Quotations from Habermas’s Essay]
[Quotations from Habermas’s Essay]5
[My ‘translation’]
Social totality does not lead any life of its own over and above that which it unites and of which it is, itself, composed.
Society consists of social connections.



Book Title: The Logic of Scientific Discovery
Item Id: c_d1e4230
@@ -37986,7 +37986,7 @@ Chapter Title: 6 Degrees Of Testability
Section Name: 40 Two Ways Of Reducing The Number Of Dimensions Of A Set Of Curves
Item #: 7
Content:
zero dimensional classes |
zero dimensional classes1 |
one dimensional classes |
two dimensional classes |
three dimensional classes |


Book Title: The Two Fundamental Problems of the Theory of Knowledge
@@ -102148,7 +102148,7 @@ Content:
5. The mottos
In the editor’s manuscript (MS), the book is introduced through four mottos. The first three are:
Hypotheses are nets, only he who casts will catch …
Novalis
Novalis1
1 Novalis (Friedrich von Hardenberg), Novalis Schriften II. [Writings II Tr.] (eds. Friedrich Schlegel and Ludwig Tieck, 1802), Dialogue 5, p. 429. Cf. Volume II (Fragments): [IX. The Problem of Free Will], Section 5, note 3 and text to this note.


Chapter Title: Chapter IX STRICTLY UNIVERSAL STATEMENTS AND SINGULAR STATEMENTS
Item #: 11
Content:
- The empirical verification of a prediction never allows us to infer the truth of a theory or natural law. (Even if the implicate is true, the implicans may be false: “A true statement is implied by every statement” and therefore the implicans is left completely undetermined.) This, however, means that it is impossible empirically to verify natural laws by way of their predictions, either directly or indirectly.
- The empirical verification of a prediction never allows us to infer the truth of a theory or natural law. (Even if the implicate is true, the implicans may be false: “A true statement is implied by every statement” 3 and therefore the implicans is left completely undetermined.) This, however, means that it is impossible empirically to verify natural laws by way of their predictions, either directly or indirectly.
- From the empirical falsification of a prediction, on the other hand, it necessarily follows that the theory or natural law must also be false. (If the implicate is false, then – provided the implication holds – the implicans must also be false; this is the rule of “modus tollens” of traditional logic.) Therefore, it is perfectly possible empirically to falsify natural laws (admittedly not directly, but) indirectly.


Book Title: The Two Fundamental Problems of the Theory of Knowledge
@@ -102159,7 +102159,7 @@ Chapter Title: Editor's Postscript
Item #: 28
Content:
The suggestion … that man has finally solved his most stubborn problems … is small solace to the thinker, for what he fears is that philosophy will never go so far as to pose a genuine “problem”.
Schlick (1930)
Schlick (1930)2
2 Moritz Schlick, “Die Wende der Philosophie”, Erkenntnis 1 (1930), p. 5.
I for my part hold the very opposite opinion, and I assert that whenever a dispute has raged for any length of time, especially in philosophy, there was, at the bottom of it, never a problem about mere words, but always a genuine problem about things.


Chapter Title: Editor's Postscript
Item #: 28
Content:
Kant (1786)
Kant (1786)3
3 Immanuel Kant, “Einige Bemerkungen von Herrn Professor Kant” [“Some Comments by Professor Kant”. Tr.], Prüfung der Mendelssohnschen Morgenstunden oder aller spekulativen Beweise für das Daseyn Gottes in Vorlesungen von Ludwig Heinrich Jakob [Examination of the Mendelssohn Morning Hours or of all Speculative Proofs of the Existence of God in Lectures by Ludwig Heinrich Jakob. Tr.] (1786), p. LIII.

Book Title: The Two Fundamental Problems of the Theory of Knowledge




Book Title: The Two Fundamental Problems of the Theory of Knowledge
@@ -102247,7 +102247,7 @@ Item #: 28
Content:
Outline of the General Theory of Method.
Investigations of the Problem of Demarcation contained, or was meant to contain, inter alia:
- an attempt “to show that the problems of the classical and modern theory of knowledge (from Hume via Kant to Russell and Wittgenstein) can be traced back to the ‘problem of demarcation’, to the problem of finding the criterion of the empirical character of science”;
- an attempt “to show that the problems of the classical and modern theory of knowledge (from Hume via Kant to Russell and Wittgenstein) can be traced back to the ‘problem of demarcation’, to the problem of finding the criterion of the empirical character of science”;7
- a discussion of “the demarcating functions that the inductivist concept of meaning has to satisfy” – it is shown “that any desired demarcation (of empirical statements, of metaphysics and of logic) is possible without using the concept of meaning or a similarly loaded concept”;
- investigation of the “question whether … all synthetic judgements are empirical statements, and … a closer analysis of the concept of empirical statements, experiential reality and so on”;
- a “Table of Statements”;



@@ -102328,7 +102328,7 @@ Chapter Title: Editor's Postscript
Item #: 28
Content:
Outline of the General Theory of Method contained, or was meant to contain, inter alia:
- the methodological regulation of the stipulation of basic statements (derived “from the principle of methodological realism”);
- the methodological regulation of the stipulation of basic statements (derived “from the principle of methodological realism”);20
- “the deductive theory of method, dealing inter alia with the following: 1. levels of reliability and ‘quasi-induction’; 2. the concept of corroboration and the concept of simplicity; the ‘principle of the most parsimonious use of hypotheses’, derived from the concept of higher or lower falsifiability (or precision, or statement content)”.




Book Title: The Two Fundamental Problems of the Theory of Knowledge
@@ -102351,7 +102351,7 @@ Item #: 28
Content:
23 Cf. also Volume I: Section 16, text to note 2.
The remaining information about the lost Volume II relies on references that do not indicate explicitly how they should be incorporated into the three aforementioned parts. In what follows, this information is ordered by its location.
- From Volume I it appears that Volume II contained, or was meant to contain, a demonstration that the transcendental definition of knowledge leads in its “ultimate implications directly to deductivism”.
- From Volume I it appears that Volume II contained, or was meant to contain, a demonstration that the transcendental definition of knowledge leads in its “ultimate implications directly to deductivism”.24
- From Volume II (Fragments) it appears that Volume II contained also, or was meant to contain,
- an “introduction of the concept of the ‘falsifying hypothesis’”;
- a frequency theory for finite classes;


@@ -127046,7 +127046,7 @@ Chapter #: 6
Item #: 7
Content:
Habermas begins with a quotation from Adorno, whom he applauds (page 155).
[Quotations from Habermas’s Essay]
[Quotations from Habermas’s Essay]5
[My ‘translation’]
Social totality does not lead any life of its own over and above that which it unites and of which it is, itself, composed.
Society consists of social connections.


